docs(generator): documents bundling (#52)
americanexpress/one-app-cli: packages/generator-one-app-module/docs/Bundling-Modules.md

[👈 Return to Overview](../README.md)

# Bundling

Within [One App](https://github.com/americanexpress/one-app) you can bundle your modules once you've made changes to them. The bundled files are then loaded on the client and server.

## Bundling Modules

Generate your module using [generator-one-app-module](https://github.com/americanexpress/one-app-cli/tree/master/packages/generator-one-app-module).

The module will have the following folder structure. Ensure it follows the pattern below for the build files to be generated correctly:

Module:
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

module
├── README.md
├── package.json
└── src
    ├── components
    │    └── <NameOfComponent.jsx>
    └── index.js
```

> If doing local development ensure that you've set the `process.env.NODE_ENV` to development using the below script by default webpack set its to production automatically.Please refer to [webpack mode](https://webpack.js.org/?configuration/mode/) for more information.

 ``` sh

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

 export NODE_ENV=development

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

 ```

When the [build commands `npm run build`](#build-commands) is executed on the above root folder the following files are generated within the module. The root folder of the build would be the version number provided within the package.json.

Module:
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

[👈 Return to Overview](../README.md)

> # Bundling

Reviewer: this should all be under the [one-app-bundler](https://github.com/americanexpress/one-app-cli/tree/master/packages/one-app-bundler) docs. Anything that you have added here that is not in those docs can you make a PR to the one-app-bundler with those additions.

Author: Would be better if i renamed this as it could be confusing, this doc refers to what happens after you generate the module and the different commands you have access to. 
Maybe i can rename this to - `Working with one-app-bundler within your module`

Reviewer: yeah lets change to `Bundling your module`

Author: I've updated this to reflect the changes

Within [One App](https://github.com/americanexpress/one-app) you can bundle your modules once you've made changes to them. The bundled files are then loaded on the client and server.

## Bundling Modules

Generate your module using [generator-one-app-module](https://github.com/americanexpress/one-app-cli/tree/master/packages/generator-one-app-module).

The module will have the following folder structure. Ensure it follows the pattern below for the build files to be generated correctly:

Module:
```

module
├── README.md
├── package.json

> ├── src
> |   ├── components
> |   |    └── <NameOfComponent.jsx>
> |   |
> |   |
> |   └── index.js

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
└── src
    ├── components
    │    └── <NameOfComponent.jsx>
    └── index.js
```

```

> If doing local development ensure that you've set the `process.env.NODE_ENV` to development using the below script by default webpack set its to production automatically.Please refer to [webpack mode](https://webpack.js.org/?configuration/mode/) for more information.

 ``` sh

 export NODE_ENV=development

 ```

When the [build commands `npm run build`](#build-commands) is executed on the above root folder the following files are generated within the module. The root folder of the build would be the version number provided within the package.json.

Module:
```

module
├── README.md
├── package.json

> ├── src
> |   ├── components
> |   |    └── <NameOfComponent.jsx>
> |   |
> |   |
> |   └── index.js
> ├── build
> |   ├── <semantic-version-number>
> |        └── <module-name>.browser.js
> |        └── <module-name>.browser.js.map
> |        └── <module-name>.legacy.browser.js
> |        └── <module-name>.legacy.browser.js.map
> |        └── <module-name>.node.js
> |        └── <module-name>.node.js.map

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
├── src
|   ├── components
|   |    └── <NameOfComponent.jsx>
|   └── index.js
└── build
    └── <semantic-version-number>
         ├── <module-name>.browser.js
         ├── <module-name>.browser.js.map
         ├── <module-name>.legacy.browser.js
         ├── <module-name>.legacy.browser.js.map
         ├── <module-name>.node.js
         └── <module-name>.node.js.map
```

| `<module-name>.legacy.browser.js.map` | Contains the [source map](https://www.html5rocks.com/en/tutorials/developertools/sourcemaps/) which has details about the origin source code. This is loaded on legacy browsers to aid in debugging. It is only generated when the `process.env.NODE_ENV` is set to `development`.|
| `<module-name>.node.js` | This build is loaded on `one-app`. Anything set to be server side rendered would executed once this file is loaded on one-app. |
| `<module-name>.node.js.map` | Contains the [source map](https://www.html5rocks.com/en/tutorials/developertools/sourcemaps/)  which has details about the origin source code. This allows you to debug code running on one-app. This is only generated when the `process.env.NODE_ENV` is set to `development`. |

### Bundler options

Checkout [one-app-bundler](../../one-app-bundler/README.md) for the different options that can be provided to the bundler when bundling your modules.

### CLI Commands

> `one-app` modules consists of [NPM Script Commands](https://docs.npmjs.com/misc/scripts) that are used to bundle and test the module. These scripts are provided from generating a module with [generator-one-app-module](https://github.com/americanexpress/one-app-cli/tree/master/packages/generator-one-app-module) and can be expanded on depending on the functionality that is needed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`one-app` modules include [NPM Script Commands](https://docs.npmjs.com/misc/scripts) that are used to bundle and test the module. These scripts are provided from generating a module with [generator-one-app-module](https://github.com/americanexpress/one-app-cli/tree/master/packages/generator-one-app-module) and can be expanded on depending on the functionality that is needed.
```

```sh
npm run <one-app-module-npm-command> 
# e.g. npm run build
```

We describe each command and a description of its usage below. 

**Contents**

* Build Commands
  * [`prepare`](#build-commands)
  * [`prebuild`](#build-commands)
  * [`build`](#build-commands)
  * [`watch:build`](#build-commands)
* Clean Commands
  * [`clean`](#clean-commands)
* Lint Commands
  * [`lint`](#lint-commands)
  
## Build Commands

| Command       | Description                                                                                    |
|---------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `prepare` | Runs `build` before the the module is packed and published. |
| `prebuild` | Cleans the build directory before a build is done. |

> | `build` | Builds the `one-app` modules.|

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `build` | Builds the `one-app` module.|
```

> | `watch:build` | Builds the `one-app` modules and watches source files with [`nodemon`](https://nodemon.io/). When source changes, the `one-app` module runs `npm run build`. *See [`build` Usage](#build-usage).* |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `watch:build` | Builds the `one-app` modules and watches source files & language packs. When source changes, the `one-app` module is rebuilt. |
```

| `<module-name>.legacy.browser.js` | This build is loaded on legacy browsers. We use [babel-preset-amex](https://github.com/americanexpress/babel-preset-amex) to determine which legacy browsers are supported. Generated using [one-app-bundler](https://github.com/americanexpress/one-app-cli/tree/master/packages/one-app-bundler) which uses [webpack](https://webpack.js.org/) under the hood.|
| `<module-name>.legacy.browser.js.map` | Contains the [source map](https://www.html5rocks.com/en/tutorials/developertools/sourcemaps/) which has details about the origin source code. This is loaded on legacy browsers to aid in debugging. It is only generated when the `process.env.NODE_ENV` is set to `development`.|
| `<module-name>.node.js` | This build is loaded on `one-app`. Anything set to be server side rendered would executed once this file is loaded on one-app. |
| `<module-name>.node.js.map` | Contains the [source map](https://www.html5rocks.com/en/tutorials/developertools/sourcemaps/)  which has details about the origin source code. This allows you to debug code running on one-app. This is only generated when the `process.env.NODE_ENV` is set to `development`. |

> ### Bundler options

Reviewer 3: This section is duplicate of what is in `one-app-bundler` can we just link off to it?

Author: updated, thank you
